[Autogenerated] Hello.
Welcome back to fundamentals of building dot Net
applications on Amazon Web services.
I'm Julie Lierman.
In the previous modules,
we learned two ways to deploy and host RS peanut core applications on AWS.
The first was deploying it with elastic beanstalk into an E C.
Two instance,
essentially running at full time on a virtual machine
using dot net course Kestral Server.
Next, we deploy the application as a docker container,
which is now being managed by fargate on AWS.
Now we'll look at another option,
deploying the application as a serverless application
that's integrated with AWS Lambda Functions.
We'll start with a quick explanation of Lambda Serverless
functions and serverless applications and how they're connected
and how Ras Peanut core application pits in.
Then we'll use a project template to spin up a basic server.
Lis s p dot net 80 i and use that project to gain
an understanding of the puzzle.
Pieces that are involved with that knowledge in him will return to the Net core.
Maybe I project and transform that into an AWS serve Earless
application by bringing over assets from the new project,
Finally,
will use the tool kits feature for publishing Lambda
Functions to deploy the serverless application, and then we'll test it out